Pytania do ankiety:
1. Masz zadanie do zrobienia i jeszcze go nie zrobiłeś, a deadline jest za 1tyg. Jak się czujesz? -> growth
2. Wygrałeś wyjazd na wakacje do ciepłego, tropikalnego kraju! Co uważasz o miejscu do którego jedziesz? -> sunlight
3. Myślisz, że uprawianie sportów wodnych to hobby dla ciebie? -> watering
4. Członkiem twojej grupy jest osoba, które nie ogarnia tematu, ale po zajęciach podchodzi do ciebie i prosi o pomoc w zrozumieniu go. Co myślisz o tej osobie? -> soil
5. ,,zdrowe odżywianie" -> 
6. Czy dbasz o swoje zdrowie? Chodzisz na regularne badania i dbasz o zdrową dietę?
7. Is it easy for u to make new friends? If so why. -> sunlight



1. How do u feel about following a healthy diet - no fast foods/sweets more than once a day?
2. Would pay more for bio products? 
3. Would you call yourself a picky eater or do u generally like all types of food?
4. How do u feel about an idea of spending two days inside your apartment without going outside?
5. Would u love spending two weeks on a cruise on a small boat? 
6. Do u wear wigs? 
7. What do u think about spending all day in your home with a book.
8. Are u up to any challenges or do u usually prefer to stay in your comfort zone.
9. Do u consider yourself the live of a party?
10. Is it difficult for u to make new friends? If so why.
11. Do u enjoy summer wheather? Elaborate (max. 10 words)
12. you are working with a person who doesnt have the n=knowlage but has the spirit, would u help here even if it would cost your time?
13. If everyone drinks beer, but u are not in the mood, would drink with them anyway? Why?
14. You have a task to do and you haven't started it yet. The deadline is in one week. How do you feel?
15. You won a trip to a tropical, hot country! What do you think about your travel destination?
16. Do you think that watersports are a hobby for you?



healthy diet -> Fertilization
openness, conformism -> soil
character, do you like sunlight -> sunlight
question about the weather -> watering


1. You have a task to do and you haven't started it yet. The deadline is in one week. How do you feel? -> growth
2. You won a trip to a tropical, hot country! What do you think about your travel destination? -> sunlight
3. Do you think that watersports are a hobby for you? -> watering
4. ?????

Growth :
1. Would you consider yourself a fast learner? Why?
2. How eager are u to learn new technologies?
3. Do you have difficulties with acquiring new knowlage? If so, why?
4. How would you feel in a situation where you have to learn new skill in short time?
Soil:
1. Is it easy for you to make new friends?
2. How do u feel in stituations when you have to talk to new people?
3. How do you feel when you have to make a phone call to a person you haven't yet talked to?
4. How would you describe your attitude towards laws and regulations, do you always follow them, no matter what?
Do u consider yourself the live of a party?
Sunlight:
1. How do you feel about hot summer days?
2. Would you be happy about spending a month in tropics?
3. Do you prefer hot wather over cold one?
4. How do you feel during summer when it comes to temperatures?

Watering:
1. How do you feel about water sports?
2. Do sea crouses sound like a fun activity to you?
3. How do you feel about swimming in warm mediterrenian sea?
4. Do you fancy swimming in pools or natural water?
5. When you are at vacation, do you use pools or go swimming if possible? 

Fertilization:
1. Do you consider your diet healthy and good for you?
2. How do u feel about bio products?
3. Do you take care of your health?
4. Can you imagine your life without any fast-food meals?


questions = {
    "Growth": [
        "Would you consider yourself a fast learner? Why?",
        "How eager are you to learn new technologies?",
        "Do you have difficulties acquiring new knowledge? If so, why?",
        "How would you feel in a situation where you have to learn a new skill in a short time?"
    ],
    "Soil": [
        "Is it easy for you to make new friends?",
        "How do you feel in situations where you have to talk to new people?",
        "How do you feel when you have to make a phone call to a person you haven't talked to yet?",
        "How would you describe your attitude toward laws and regulations? Do you always follow them, no matter what?",
        "Do you consider yourself the life of the party?"
    ],
    "Sunlight": [
        "How do you feel about hot summer days?",
        "Would you be happy spending a month in the tropics?",
        "Do you prefer hot weather over cold one?",
        "How do you feel during summer when it comes to temperatures?"
    ],
    "Watering": [
        "How do you feel about water sports?",
        "Do sea cruises sound like a fun activity to you?",
        "How do you feel about swimming in the warm Mediterranean Sea?",
        "How do you feel about swimming in pools or any natural bodies of water?",
        "When you are on vacation, do you use pools or go swimming if possible?"
    ],
    "Fertilization": [
        "Do you consider your diet healthy and good for you?",
        "How do you feel about bio products?",
        "Do you take care of your health?",
        "Can you imagine your life without any fast-food meals?"
    ]
}

